feat(curriculum): Add English tasks B1 Block 6 (#57565)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-future-continuous-while-describing-actions/67614a0187bd80a49d438b1f.md

---
id: 67614a0187bd80a49d438b1f
title: Task 112
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-112
---

<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Read the text and answer the question below.

# --questions--

> ## --text--
> 
> `Dear Team,`
> 
> `As the summit is near and many of you will be traveling for work, it’s important to stay safe online. Man-in-the-Middle attacks (MitM) often happen on public Wi-Fi or unsecured networks, especially during peak travel times. These attacks can steal your data, including corporate emails and sensitive information.`
> 
> `To stay protected, always use a VPN (Virtual Private Network) when accessing sensitive information or company systems. Avoid using public Wi-Fi for important tasks. Check the updated security tips and job aids we’ve shared. They include simple steps to keep your data safe while traveling.`
> 
> `We’ve scheduled a security review meeting to share more advice and discuss security protocols. If you have any questions or need help setting up your VPN, contact the security team before your trip.`
> 
> `Stay safe,`
> 
> `Your Security Team`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## --text--

After discussing the risks with Brian, Anna decided to inform the team about preventing MitM attacks, especially during work-related travel:

`Dear Team,`

`As the summit is near and many of you will be traveling for work, it's important to stay safe online. Man-in-the-Middle attacks (MitM) often happen on public Wi-Fi or unsecured networks, especially during peak travel times. These attacks can steal your data, including corporate emails and sensitive information.`

`To stay protected, always use a VPN (Virtual Private Network) when accessing sensitive information or company systems. Avoid using public Wi-Fi for important tasks. Check the updated security tips and job aids we've shared. They include simple steps to keep your data safe while traveling.`

`We've scheduled a security review meeting to share more advice and discuss security protocols. If you have any questions or need help setting up your VPN, contact the security team before your trip.`

`Stay safe,`
`Your Security Team`
```

What does the email say about updated security tips?

## --answers--

They must be followed during the security review meeting.

### --feedback--

The email does not link updated security tips to the meeting but recommends reviewing them before traveling.

---

They help employees protect sensitive information.

---

They should only be used for corporate emails.

### --feedback--

The email mentions broader security practices, not just emails.

---

They are optional and can be reviewed later.

### --feedback--

The email emphasizes the importance of reviewing the updated tips before traveling.

## --video-solution--

2

# --explanation--

> To find the correct answer, focus on the email’s mention of updated security tips.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find the correct answer, focus on the email's mention of updated security tips.
```
